now lets taste
respect it said 11 h was everything
brass of those of shock back with
Malick is full.
yes the sensei cable a little is video on
The channel is taking forever to like but
this we're back and I 'm not
alone the neighbor who came back is a woman
I know you just wanted to let you in
stage a little funny good but
a video of today we have two other
many and in james woman yes I already went
taking your whole and sink this apple
in their careers because today's struggle is
fascinating
ah and do not forget you there you are
this video somewhere in the world of
leave your like because if you get to 30
licks next week already has this modern
Tell me that I forgot the name you said is
It's true that we have not yet
this series is more worrying
So let's get down to business
Well you can see that on the night of
today is a lot of time because it's pr
the droid is the son and the kotoko against the
Snowman
and I know I should change the order
understand the Brazilian like then dance
first fight but as she did not want to
back old habits woman wants
make a bet
pk but it will not give me grace since I
I have an official diploma of best
real estate banker
Look at the fact, yes let's fight the children of
homeland
then start from the top already
is waiting
What I said in the field is ready.
vilhena dollar the top also the ex wife
inspiring movie and we're getting started
fae trough and flange 321 pt attack that
from the vilhena
did not even give the snowman time
make the move was hit tik do vilhena
that 's what this is nor did you need to use
special good tone came the won
first fight in the next fight bomb
there the two for wives are already in the
oo droid ring is taking distance
exactly how much edu is there if
moving around guarding this
energy that is like a fight right then
Let's see who will win this fight.
the first major attack only
rehired edu but now i am
looking at others highlighted the trajectory of
nine took a droid attack by jumping
jumping or educating weight on the ground I repeat the
edu is trapped in the web there is no way out
from there without taking a hit
so we have to give a little attack
he static fight
the idea is to surprise again is jumping
group to the Brazil faces does not attack
attacks attacks again android like droid
jumped attacked and killed and the river to the droid
won in replay the moment the android
gives a final vote and then this is the
android won and so was born in
today's workouts
If you liked the customers of that
feedback that is very important
even more feedback 31 week thousand
tomorrow, even today, who knows, I do not know
jokes apart is the woman
can
So folks, I had to get out of my
Gypsy course to come here so from there
that in this compass
good is this